README.md, before:

# Demo-DesignPatterns

## Demo Projects 
- [`DesignPatterns.Observer`](/DesignPatterns.Observer)

## Some background on this: 

### How did this start? 

Simply put, a [`Facebook post`](https://www.facebook.com/CJTheNerdyCoder/posts/10153703445178473?comment_id=10153703479303473&comment_tracking=%7B%22tn%22:%22R2%22%7D) in April 2016 not even about design patterns oddly enough. Chatter in the comments with peers revealed an opportunity to build a community around learning; starting with Design Patterns. I consider that a personal pivot, but it's been an incredible experience.

### How's the adventure been? 

Oh my, it's been a blast. The day following the chatter in April, I deployed infrastructure in-house (chat groups, repositories, meeting invites, weekly agendas and deliverables via Github Issues/Milestone, etc.) and started a word-of-mouth awareness campaign to advocate "let's learn together." A name for the group came up too, "Dev-Book-Club" which is spot on for what we were going after. The initial group was mostly junior/mid-level developers. Now, we're getting more seniors involved to help mentor, which is super exciting. 

### What's the process? 

Admittedly, I facilitate a lot of the administration side of the group with the hope that others wouldn't become disengaged by daunting tasks outside of learning. So, I wanted a lean process that didn't take much time and could easily be followed and replicated. 

The following has been a winning recipe thus far: 

- Create Milestones for Weekly meetups three weeks out 
- Create 2 Github issues with details per milestone
  1. Code Challenge for weekly Design Pattern 
  2. Weekly meetup agenda and feedback 
- Associate these issues to respective Milestone  
- Ask for volunteers to pair code on the Code Challenges

### Where's the rest of the code and all this process mentioned?

Unfortunately, my decision to set this ship sailing in the in-house world caused this to be fragmented. Then the shift to going external and having in-house employees collaborate externally raised some concerns and questions. So, only some of the code resides here for now. I hope to fix that one day and share these examples with more in the hopes of increasing knowledge for many more.

Commit message:

Added a quip for the in-draft blog post sharing in the adventure

README.md, after:

# Demo-DesignPatterns

## Demo Projects 
- [`DesignPatterns.Observer`](/DesignPatterns.Observer)

## Some background on this: 

### Blog post on this adventure 
The below details aren't what I consider value added to a typical user of Github or messing around with this code. That said, I'm working on a more suitable location for such details in a blog post to share the journey for others to learn from or empathize with. That can be found on medium in draft version [here](https://medium.com/@CJTaylor/initial-draft-planting-the-seeds-for-a-culture-of-learning-77eefe2f13a1#.1w6sk5bmb) :)

### How did this start? 

Simply put, a [`Facebook post`](https://www.facebook.com/CJTheNerdyCoder/posts/10153703445178473?comment_id=10153703479303473&comment_tracking=%7B%22tn%22:%22R2%22%7D) in April 2016 not even about design patterns oddly enough. Chatter in the comments with peers revealed an opportunity to build a community around learning; starting with Design Patterns. I consider that a personal pivot, but it's been an incredible experience.

### How's the adventure been? 

Oh my, it's been a blast. The day following the chatter in April, I deployed infrastructure in-house (chat groups, repositories, meeting invites, weekly agendas and deliverables via Github Issues/Milestone, etc.) and started a word-of-mouth awareness campaign to advocate "let's learn together." A name for the group came up too, "Dev-Book-Club" which is spot on for what we were going after. The initial group was mostly junior/mid-level developers. Now, we're getting more seniors involved to help mentor, which is super exciting. 

### What's the process? 

Admittedly, I facilitate a lot of the administration side of the group with the hope that others wouldn't become disengaged by daunting tasks outside of learning. So, I wanted a lean process that didn't take much time and could easily be followed and replicated. 

The following has been a winning recipe thus far: 

- Create Milestones for Weekly meetups three weeks out 
- Create 2 Github issues with details per milestone
  1. Code Challenge for weekly Design Pattern 
  2. Weekly meetup agenda and feedback 
- Associate these issues to respective Milestone  
- Ask for volunteers to pair code on the Code Challenges

### Where's the rest of the code and all this process mentioned?

Unfortunately, my decision to set this ship sailing in the in-house world caused this to be fragmented. Then the shift to going external and having in-house employees collaborate externally raised some concerns and questions. So, only some of the code resides here for now. I hope to fix that one day and share these examples with more in the hopes of increasing knowledge for many more.
